chore(k8s): expanding support of GPU operator (#3209)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/how-to/use-nvidia-gpu-operator.mdx

  paragraph: This page explains how to use the NVIDIA GPU operator on Kapsule and Kosmos with GPU Instances
tags: kubernetes kubernetes-kapsule kapsule cluster gpu-operator nvidia gpu
dates:
  validation: 2024-05-22
  posted: 2023-07-18
categories:
  - containers
  - kubernetes
---

Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos support NVIDIA's official Kubernetes operator for all GPU pools.
This operator is compatible with [RENDER-S](https://www.scaleway.com/en/gpu-instances/), [GPU-3070-S](https://www.scaleway.com/en/gpu-3070-instances/), [H100 PCIe](https://www.scaleway.com/en/h100-pcie-try-it-now/), [L40s](https://www.scaleway.com/en/l40s-gpu-instance/) and [L4](https://www.scaleway.com/en/l4-gpu-instance/) offers.

> The GPU operator is setup for all GPU pools created in Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos, providing automated installation of all required software on GPU worker nodes, such as the device plugin, container toolkit, GPU drivers etc. For more information, refer to [the GPU operator overview](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/overview.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GPU operator is set up for all GPU pools created in Kubernetes Kapsule and Kosmos, providing automated installation of all required software on GPU worker nodes, such as the device plugin, container toolkit, GPU drivers etc. For more information, refer to [the GPU operator overview](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/gpu-operator/latest/overview.html).
```
